Hi there. This is a video on the
c d or change directory command in Linux.
And I'm just quickly gonna describe the c
d command and you will use it every
single time you log on to the NIF
computers or any other Linux computer. It's just
that important command. Basically, it is your way
of navigating through the file system. So c
d stands for change directory. Okay. To change
to your home directory, I happen to be
in my home directory. Let's say I wasn't,
let's say you're in one zero seven assignments,
assignment zero, whatever. If I wanna change to
my home directory, I can either type c
d tilde, which does that. C d minus,
by the way, goes back to the previous
directory. Or I can just type c d
and c d also takes you to your
home directory. To change to the parent directory,
so if I go back to the sign
zero directory and I wanna go to the
parent directory, I can do that by just
typing cd dot dot and that will take
me up to the assignments directory and cd
dot dot again will take me to the
cs one hundred seven directory etc. By the
way, if I'm in assignments assign zero I
can type c d dot dot slash dot
dot slash dot dot and that will take
me all the way back to my home
directory because it just kinda climbs up the
directories. Remember dot dot just means the previous
directory. So if you go the previous directory
slash the previous directory slash the previous directory,
it will go all the way back to
your main commands. So that's really about it
for the cd command. There's not too much
more to it except to say that you
should get very used to using it and
very used to using it with the dot
dot and with the tilde. So for instance
if I wanted to change to, let's say
I was in CS107 assignments and I wanted
to change to CS107 old, I could type
cd cs107old and that would take me right
there. Right? So that's how it works. Thanks.